# LOGIN

A simple console script to securely save passwords and quickly access them.  For each online account, the program will store the following information:
* Account name
* Account description
* User name
* URL for login
* Two unique keys generated by the program (the X1 and Y1 values)
* Number of characters in passwords
* Any special characters required by the account host.

The user needs to remember two unique integer keys (the X2 and Y2 values).  These two unique keys are entered on each account retrieval.  These values describe a two-dimensional point which, when combined with the program-generated X1 and Y1 values, define a straight line.  The y-intercept of the line is used for the basis of the hashing algorithm to create a unique password for each account.

The user may use the same X2 and Y2 keys for all accounts, and because the program-stored X1 and Y1 values are unique, a unique password is created for each account.

## Getting Started
These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for runtime purposes.

### Prerequisites
Python
```
Version 3.6 recommended
```

## Installing
A step by step series of examples that tell you how to configure the login tool

* **Clone repository to local drive -**
* **Configure batch file -**  Edit the login.bat file to show the appropriate file location.
* **Configure PATH -**  Two options:  (1) Move login.bat file to a script folder that is already part of your PATH variable or (2) Add appropriate folder location to your PC's PATH variable.

## Running the script

Open command prompt and type 'login' to run the script batch file to run the python console script.

## Deployment

This script can be easily deployed to any Windows machine running Python using the Install directions.

## Built With

* No dependencies

## Versioning

For versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/tbrackus/login/tags). 

## Authors

* **Travis Brackus** - *Initial work* -(https://github.com/tbrackus)

## License

None

## Acknowledgments

* Mike Smith
